fix(core): allow ids and classes starting with a number in parseAttributes (#7917)
ueberdosis/tiptap: .changeset/2026-06-03-parse-attributes-numeric-ids.md

---
'@tiptap/core': patch
---

> `parseAttributes` no longer silently strips ids and classes that start with a number (e.g. `#2123` or `.2xl`). HTML5 allows ids to start with any non-whitespace character, so Pandoc-style attribute strings like `{#2123 .foo}` now parse to `{ id: '2123', class: 'foo' }` instead of dropping the id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`parseAttributes` now supports any non-white character at the start of classes or id attributes.
```
